{"votes": {"funny": 1, "useful": 15, "cool": 15}, "user_id": "8S4yE8rh2Dj3g1ESvk7XgA", "review_id": "_xQ128fZSbsh5a-WGSa-YQ", "stars": 5, "date": "2007-08-16", "text": "I have had Pizzeria Bianco on my 'Must Go List' ever since the day I first heard of it. My only obstacle? I live in upstate NY. So recently I threw logic to the wind and drove the 2500 miles for pizza.\n\nFor those thinking now that I must be a raving lunatic there were some underlining reasons. I suffer from a debilitating disease and decided to take my children on a cross country adventure while I still can. Also them experiencing first hand a individual who is passionate about his work can only be a inspiring and positive thing in their young years. Or at least I hope so.\n\nI guess I could go on and state how unique and great the pizza was. Or how the salads were made with the best ingredients available.\nOr how even the potato salad in the antipasto may be the best darn potato salad I ever tasted. I pretty much tried everything on the menu except one salad and found everything outstanding.\n\nBut I would prefer to address those who find it absurd to wait so long for pizza. I understand the puzzlement yet I believe they may tend to generalize it as just pizza. Which is not the case.\nWhere in this country can you find people waiting outside for two hours in the blazing heat seem so happy? Strangers laughing and talking with each other, telling stories of past meals at Biancos to first timers. The joyous atmosphere was one of the first things I noticed and it was contagious. Once in the dining room nothing changed, people taking a step back, slowing down and enjoying great food and company. That in my view is what great food is all about.\n\nProducing this type of magical atmosphere in a restaurant is extremely rare and can't be a easy task. But somehow Chris Bianco has and this may be the very reason why people are willing to wait. The truth is. It's more then just pizza.\n\nEdited to add. Those who claim it is just pizza. As a chef I can tell you the test of true talent comes from taking a minimal amount of ingredients and making them shine.And without pristine ingredients it is nearly impossible to make something great if one is taking the minimalist approach. Chris Bianco's pizza's are every bit as good as Thomas Keller's Oysters and Pearls. And are harder to produce.", "type": "review", "business_id": "VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ"}
