Rockport - my fave so far!
Now open, located in the same shopping center as Landry's Seafood.
Chef Jon prepping our Huntington with seaweed salad. Ty chef!
Totally customizable, build your own, or go with one of theirs.
Gotta try the build your own Jaburrito!
Condiments on fleek. Don't forget the special thickened soy sauce. *wish they had ponzu*
Try all the sauces and pick your favorite
If you like citrus you would do well to get the yuzu guacamole on your burrito... or on the side at least.
lol...couldn't resist !
Taro Chips are dusted with Furikake. I should've gotten another bag!
The fish is of high quality and always fresh
Redondo burrito with chipotle mayo is a must!
Try the house soy sauce. It's really good.
If there are no tables available there is a mcdonalds close with picnic tables :)
Bomb.com
Opt for fish! The shrimp tempura sounds most appealing as a protein but the two overly battered pieces in my Jaburrito was a let down. Tiny shrimp.
Long beach burrito ! Amazing fusion of flavor
They need extra seating outside. So packed inside, my friends and I are eating at the McDonald's tables outside
Try to come at an off time! It gets packed and there might not be any tables left!
There's also a condiment bar next to the registers! I did not know this last time I went lol. There's wasabi and all sorts of stuff there!
Redondo in the seaweed wrap is so good!!!!!!
Didn't have the tempura shrimp or crab. Have to try next time.
The food was good, size was reasonable and so was the prices.
I never want anything else for lunch again.
So now when you ask for cream cheese it's like a watered down version that comes out of a squeeze bottle instead of actual cream cheese :(((((((
Taro chips ftw!! Get em
So good! Cool concept too
really cool concept, food was delicious! very clean inside and nice employees
Rockport is the bomb and my jaburrito recommendation! You won't be disappointed
They are very skimping for the proteins for Jabowl (even though U pay extra for getting the bowl). Just get the burritos and not the bowl. Lesson learned!
8/10
Must try in Vegas first time here and will be back great customer service as well.
CLOSED DEC 20 - DEC 27 2015 for remodeling.  Bummer
Placed will be closed for the week and reopen dec 28th due to remodeling.
Rebranded from Jaburritos to SOHO Sushi Burritos.  Same owner and ingredients.  I think Jaburritos by SOHO Sushi would've been better....it was a great catchy brand and now it's dull
Unless something happened today since yesterday they just name changed to SoHo
now reopened as Soho SushiBurrito!
This restaurant is brought to you by owner(s) of SOHO Japanese restaurant.